today is a big day for fans of Back to
the Future the movies
today is October 24 2015 it is the date
to which Marty McFly and Doc Brown
travel and back to the future - I
remember when I first saw the movie and
it was amazing you know one of the part
of the fun was it was amazing to see
what life might be like 30 years in the
future and now that we're actually here
according to my calculations this is the
year 2015 Marty the future that's heavy
all these people wants to get here and
they're flying cars uh oh yeah you know
what we never figured out flying cards
actually we never did figure that out Oh
Oh for you I'm sorry my name is Jimmy
Kimmel you traveled time traveled into
the middle of my talk show so you
haven't talked so yeah what happened to
Johnny Carson
he passed Oh Johnny Carson passed away
oh I did not know that yeah he did
I'm sorry you had to find out on TV it's
not I mean it's yeah but it was quite a
while ago and he was older Oh TV or
people watching us on TV right now yeah
seeing us on TV right now although
honestly most people will probably watch
this on their phones on the toilet
tomorrow that's gross
it's better than it's not so terrible
it's really actually kind of fun so
that's fine cause no we have not
yeah yeah at least have how aborts they
call them hoverboards but they're not
really hoverboards did you achieve peace
in the Middle East oh no no no all the
Cubs in the playoffs yeah they actually
are unless they got eliminated and the
Mets are in the playoffs too yeah
but it's good but if you don't mind me
asking what the hell you guys been doing
for 30 years let's see 30 years oh you
know what we invented this thing called
a cronut it's like part plus aunt and
part donut and they put them together
and it's good I got it this is very
exciting
Divac seems like a 2015 kind of sucks
yeah yeah that type of love the cultural
achievements of this era
smile
what is this this is I'm taking a selfie
with you guys this is how we document
important life events now yeah some sort
of a portable tell us some hyun occasion
well no kind actually this is the best
thing about the future it's called a
smartphone Great Scott
it's a tiny supercomputer yeah yeah this
must allow astrophysicist to trying to
make complex equations yeah
real well I guess it probably could do
that but mainly we use it to send little
smiley faces to each other pictures of
eggplants that sort of thing so it's not
really what will you use it for
what's a grinder
yes I know this sounds a little
ridiculous
but you're gonna
you're gonna have to keep it down you
see you're just too darn loud you know
what Huey Lewis is like we are to going
loud and fearless as always like if you
just give me that phone thank you very
much
whatever clock tower
oh the clock tower is oh that's been
gone for a long time we they tore it
down and built the Buffalo Wild Wings so
what about Biff Oh Biff you know what
Biff is Biff is here a few months ago he
lost his job but he's working as our own
he's working for us as our stage manager
now
hey Ben
that guy packing with the knife 1985
became a rich human I quote casino owner
and ruin the world oh that guy's running
for president right now
we were wrong
back and fitly said that the future was
kind of you know good I did I believe we
may have inadvertently traveled in to
have alternate 2015 where human
evolution has been stopped by
superfluous technology well and bit
reigns supreme
very disappointed Marty I need you to
stay here while I travel back to 1985
figure out where this Hall went wall and
repair a space-time continuum oh wow all
right
we're not gonna take the car hey can I
ask you one question before you go I
know you're not supposed to tell people
their future but do you know how I'm
gonna die yes when you tell me next week
yeah a bunch of angry children tell you
the strengths why when you tell their
mothers to take away their Halloween
body
really great to have you here Mario
we're gonna was when we come back
Michael J Fox is gonna be with us
Teen Wolf that's right
Uber's
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you